We believe you should always know what data we collect from you and how we use it, and that you should have meaningful control over both. We want to empower you to make the best decisions about the information that you share with us.Twitter is public and Tweets are immediately viewable and searchable by anyone around the world. We give you non-public ways to communicate on Twitter too, through protected Tweets and Direct Messages. You can also use Twitter under a pseudonym if you prefer not to use your name.When you use Twitter, even if you’re just looking at Tweets, we receive some personal information from you like the type of device you’re using and your IP address. You can choose to share additional information with us like your email address, phone number, address book contacts, and a public profile. We use this information for things like keeping your account secure and showing you more relevant Tweets, people to follow, events, and ads.We give you control through your In addition to information you share with us, we use your Tweets, content you’ve read, Liked, or Retweeted, and other information to determine what topics you’re interested in, your age, the languages you speak, and other signals to show you more relevant content. We give you If you have questions about this policy, how we collect or process your personal data, or anything else related to our privacy practices, we want to hear from you. You can 
<b>We require certain information to provide our services to you. For example, you must have an account in order to upload or share content on Twitter. When you choose to share the information below with us, we collect and use it to operate our services.</b> 1.1You don’t have to create an account to use some of our service features, such as searching and viewing public Twitter profiles or watching a broadcast on Periscope’s website. If you do choose to create an account, you must provide us with some personal data so that we can provide our services to you. On Twitter this includes a display name (for example, “Twitter Moments”), a username (for example, @TwitterMoments), a password, and an email address or phone number. Your display name and username are always public, but you can use either your real name or a pseudonym. You can also pageReference: /content/twitter-com/legal/en/privacy/chapter-1/chapter-1-1Content:The many sides of youLet your imagination run free. Explore your interests with a number of different identities. 1.2Most activity on Twitter is public, including your You are responsible for your Tweets and other information you provide through our services, and you should In addition to providing your public information to the world directly on Twitter, pageReference: /content/twitter-com/legal/en/privacy/chapter-1/chapter-1-2Content:Hello, WorldYour profile information is displayed under your photo and username on your profile page.Keep a low profileFriend want to tag you in a photo? Lucky you. If you’re not into that sort of thing, you can always change your settings.What you Tweet becomes instantly public worldwide on Twitter, and can appear on other media like websites, newspapers, or television.1.3We use your contact information, such as your email address or phone number, to authenticate your account and keep it - and our services - secure, and to help prevent spam, fraud, and abuse. We also use contact information to personalize our services, enable certain account features (for example, forYou can choose to upload and sync your address book on Twitter so that we can help you find and connect with people you know and help others find and connect with you. We also use this information to better recommend content to you and others.You can sign up for Periscope with an account from another service like Twitter, Google, or Facebook, or connect your Periscope account to these other services. If you do, we will use information from that service, including your email address, friends, or contacts list, to recommend other accounts or content to you or to recommend your account or content to others. You can control whether your Periscope account is discoverable by email through your If you email us, we will keep the content of your message, your email address, and your contact information to respond to your request.1.4We provide certain features that let you communicate more privately or control who sees your content. For example, you can use pageReference: /content/twitter-com/legal/en/privacy/chapter-1/chapter-1-4Content:Spam stinksWe scan your Direct Messages to try and prevent spam for you and on our service.Just like emailOnly send Direct Messages to people you trust. Remember, even though someone can’t Retweet your Direct Messages, they still have a copy of your message.1.5You may provide us with pageReference: /content/twitter-com/legal/en/privacy/chapter-1/chapter-1-5-tooltips---overlaysContent:Approved by you We use your payment information to process transactions you’ve approved and for fraud detection.1.6Your pageReference: /content/twitter-com/legal/en/privacy/chapter-1/chapter-1-6-tooltips---overlaysContent:You have options when it comes to what information you share and see on Twitter.
<b>We receive certain information when you use our services or other websites or mobile applications that include our content, and from third parties including advertisers. Like the information you share with us, we use the data below to operate our services.</b>2.1We require information about your signup and current location, which we get from signals such as your IP address or device settings, to securely and reliably set up and maintain your account and to provide our services to you.Subject to your settings, we may collect, use, and store additional information about pageReference: /content/twitter-com/legal/en/privacy/chapter-2/chapter-2-1-tooltips---overlaysContent:Whenever you use Twitter, Twitter gets a general sense of your location from things like the network you’re using to access the Internet. This helps Twitter to provide you with relevant content. You can turn on Twitter’s location services, letting Twitter pinpoint your position. This enables you to use additional features on Twitter, like Tweeting with your precise location. You can choose to share your location in a Tweet publicly, letting everyone know you’re at an event, venue, or anywhere else. 2.2In order to operate our services, we keep track of how you interact with links across our services. This includes links in emails we send you and links in Tweets that appear on other websites or mobile applications.If you click on an external link or ad on our services, that advertiser or website operator might figure out that you came from Twitter or Periscope, along with other information associated with the ad you clicked such as characteristics of the audience it was intended to reach. They may also collect other personal data from you, such as cookie identifiers or your IP address.2.3A cookie is a small piece of data that is stored on your computer or mobile device. Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services. Cookies are not required for many parts of our services such as searching and looking at public profiles. Although most web browsers automatically accept cookies, many browsers’ settings can be set to decline cookies or alert you when a website is attempting to pageReference: /content/twitter-com/legal/en/privacy/chapter-2/chapter-2-3-tooltips---overlaysContent:Not hungry?You can change your cookie settings in your web browser.2.4We receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with our services, which we refer to as “Log Data,” even if you have not created an account. For example, when you visit our websites, sign into our services, interact with our email notifications, use your account to authenticate to a third-party service, or visit a third-party service that includes Twitter content, we may receive information about you. This Log Data includes information such as your IP address, browser type, operating system, the referring web page, pages visited, location, your mobile carrier, device information (including device and application IDs), search terms, and cookie information. We also receive Log Data when you click on, view, or interact with links on our services, including when you install another application through Twitter. We use Log Data to operate our services and ensure their secure, reliable, and robust performance. For example, we use Log Data to protect the security of accounts and to determine what content is popular on our services. We also use this data to improve the content we show you, including ads.<span class="twtr-rte-overlay twtr-overlay"><a href="#overlay-chapter2.4.1" rel="nofollow">We use information you provide to us and data we receive, including Log Data and data from third parties</a></span>pageReference: /content/twitter-com/legal/en/privacy/chapter-2/chapter-2-4-tooltips---overlaysContent:Using data like the Tweets and accounts you view on Twitter…...Twitter can suggest relevant content you may also like.2.5When you view our content on pageReference: /content/twitter-com/legal/en/privacy/chapter-2/chapter-2-5-tooltips---overlays1Content:You can see Twitter content on Twitter’s website and apps - but many other websites also choose to include Twitter content.2.6Advertising revenue allows us to support and improve our services. We use the information described in this Privacy Policy to help make our advertising more relevant to you, to measure its effectiveness, and to help recognize your devices to serve you ads on and off of Twitter. Our ad partners and affiliates Twitter adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising (also referred to as “interest-based advertising”) and respects the DAA’s consumer choice tool for you to opt out of interest-based advertising at If you are an advertiser or a prospective advertiser, we process your personal data to help offer and provide our advertising services. You can update your data in your Twitter Ads dashboard or by contacting us directly as described in this Privacy Policy.pageReference: /content/twitter-com/legal/en/privacy/chapter-2/chapter-2-6-tooltips---overlaysContent:Advertisers share information on Twitter…...so that, if your settings allow, they can show their most relevant ads.2.7<a href="https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-api" rel="nofollow">If you access our APIs or developer portal</a>2.8We may receive information about you from third parties who are not our ad partners, such as others on Twitter, partners who help us evaluate the safety and quality of content on our platform, our You may choose to connect your Twitter account to accounts on another service, and that other service may send us information about your account on that service. We use the information we receive to provide you features like cross-posting or cross-service authentication, and to operate our services. For integrations that Twitter formally supports, you may revoke this permission at any time from your application settings; for other integrations, please visit the other service you have connected to Twitter.2.9When you log into Twitter on a browser or device, we will associate that browser or device with your account for purposes such as authentication, security, and personalization. Subject to your settings, we may also associate your account with browsers or devices other than those you use to log into Twitter (or associate your logged-out device or browser with other browsers or devices). We do this to operate and pageReference: /content/twitter-com/legal/en/privacy/chapter-2/chapter-2-9-tooltips---overlaysContent:To help make your Twitter experience better on one of your devices......Twitter may use information from another device of yours.2.10Your Twitter You can use We also provide a version of these tools on Twitter if you don’t have a Twitter account, or if you’re logged out of your account. This lets you see the data and settings for the logged out browser or device you are using, separate from any Twitter account that uses that browser or device. On Periscope, you can control whether we personalize your experience based on your watch history through your pageReference: /content/twitter-com/legal/en/privacy/chapter-2/chapter-2-10-tooltips---overlaysContent:You have options when it comes to what information you share and see on Twitter.
<b>As noted above, Twitter is designed to broadly and instantly disseminate information you share publicly through our services. In the limited circumstances where we disclose your private personal data, we do so subject to your control, because it’s necessary to operate our services, or because it’s required by law.</b>3.1We share or disclose your personal data with your consent or at your direction, such as when you Subject to your settings, we also provide certain third parties with personal data to help us offer or operate our services. For example, we share with advertisers the identifiers of devices that saw their ads, to enable them to measure the effectiveness of our advertising business. pageReference: /content/twitter-com/legal/en/privacy/chapter-3/chapter-3-1-tooltips---overlaysContent:When you click on or view an ad on Twitter, if your settings allow, Twitter may send data about your device back to the advertiser to help them measure their success and improve future ads.3.2We engage service providers to perform functions and provide services to us in the United States, Ireland, and other countries. For example, we use a variety of third-party services to help operate our services, such as hosting our various blogs and wikis, and to help us understand the use of our services, such as Google Analytics. We may share your private personal data with such service providers subject to obligations consistent with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures, and on the condition that the third parties use your private personal data only on our behalf and pursuant to our instructions. We share your payment information with payment services providers to process payments; prevent, detect, and investigate fraud or other prohibited activities; facilitate dispute resolution such as chargebacks or refunds; and for other purposes associated with the acceptance of credit and debit cards.3.3Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy or controls we may otherwise offer to you, we may preserve, use, or disclose your personal data if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation, pageReference: /content/twitter-com/legal/en/privacy/chapter-3/chapter-3-3-tooltips---overlaysContent:Transparency mattersWe remove content from our services when it violates our rules, like if it glorifies violence. When that content is gone, we want you to know.3.4In the event that we are involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization, or sale of assets, your personal data may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal data as transferred to the new entity. We may also disclose personal data about you to our 3.5We share or disclose non-personal data, such as aggregated information like the total number of times people engaged with a Tweet, the number of people who clicked on a particular link or voted on a poll in a Tweet (even if only one did), the topics that people are Tweeting about in a particular location, or reports to advertisers about how many people saw or clicked on their ads.
<b>You control the personal data you share with us. You can access or rectify this data at any time. You can also deactivate your account. We also provide you tools to object, restrict, or withdraw consent where applicable for the use of data you have provided to Twitter. And we make the data you shared through our services portable and provide easy ways for you to contact us.</b>4.1If you have registered an account on Twitter, we provide you with tools and 4.2We keep Log Data for a maximum of 18 months. If you follow the instructions Keep in mind that search engines and other third parties may still retain copies of your public information, like your profile information and public Tweets, even after you have deleted the information from our services or deactivated your account. Learn more 4.3When you are logged into your Twitter account, you can manage your privacy settings and other account features 4.4Twitter provides you a means to download the information you have shared through our services by following the steps 4.5Thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy? Please let us know by contacting us If you live in the United States, the data controller responsible for your personal data is Twitter, Inc. with an address of:Twitter, Inc.If you live outside the United States, the data controller is Twitter International Company, with an address of:Twitter International CompanyIf you are located in the European Union or EFTA States, you can confidentially contact Twitter’s Data Protection Officer 
Our services are not directed to children, and you may not use our services if you are under the age of 13. You must also be old enough to consent to the processing of your personal data in your country (in some countries we may allow your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf). You must be at least 16 years of age to use Periscope.
To bring you our services, we operate globally. Where the laws of your country allow you to do so, you authorize us to transfer, store, and use your data in the United States, Ireland, and any other country where we operate. In some of the countries to which we transfer personal data, the privacy and data protection laws and rules regarding when government authorities may access data may vary from those of your country. Learn more about our global operations and data transfer When we transfer personal data outside of the European Union or EFTA States, we ensure an adequate level of protection for the rights of data subjects based on the adequacy of the receiving country’s data protection laws, contractual obligations placed on the recipient of the data (model clauses may be requested by inquiry as described below), or EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield principles.Twitter, Inc. complies with the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield principles (the “Principles”) regarding the collection, use, sharing, and retention of personal data from the European Union and Switzerland, as described in our If you have a Privacy Shield-related complaint, please contact us Privacy Shield participants are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies. Under certain circumstances, participants may be liable for the transfer of personal data from the EU or Switzerland to third parties outside the EU and Switzerland. Learn more about the EU-US Privacy Shield and Swiss-US Privacy Shield 
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our processing of your personal data and will always be at pageReference: /content/twitter-com/legal/en/privacy/chapter-7/chapter-7Content:You're in controlEven as Twitter evolves, you can always change your privacy settings. The power is yours to choose what you share in the world.Effective: May 25, 2018<a href="/en/privacy/previous" rel="nofollow">Archive of Previous Privacy Policies</a>